1. Need to have check for path type change.
This could be in the PathContainer, but it needs to be called.
Want to prevent unnecessary calls through the data context, which is what SqController is doing

Going from a hidden line to showing a line is a very special case.




CreateDirectPath nonsense

Do we want the path to be identicle? I think so. Even if there's lag, that's better than maintaining two sets of paths


Path is drawn from target to chased squad, but is not cleared when unit engages.

Test with melee only units seemed to work ok. When squad attacks other though the line stays still during the attack.



Seems like it's literally just a matter of wiping the line when the unit engages.

So when is the best time to clear the line? Presumeable when the user first engages with a squad.


Still matter of horse not disengaging catapult when engaged.


Target to Engaged seems to be where the clear path is missing.

Only have a line between units when the units are actually attacking!


Units are not always getting the right data- sometimes the cleared path stays and sometimes it does not appear when it should

We're losing targets at the moment


So it has a target, but it's not making a line to it.A

I actually broke this when I made the path clear after losing an engaged enemy, so why not just put an extra condition in there?


Squad is moving when it should be still, attacking


//TODO: (CM)  still not done
Still managing to run and fire, need to solve this issue next


Target line issue - line is set to normal after target dies, but at that point there are no dashes or points to consider


Why might the line not be appearing automagically? 
So

Seems like unit is still in it's duration period, which is stopping it from doing a lot.



In the json it looks like this:
duration and interval

Need to dec


NGUI
New UI in new scene

Use Park's anchors (in scene)
Container is our stuff (our ui)
Anchor is v high level 

List in code of items to add



AILogger was in the wrong place. Should not have Squad code near to Opening and Closing of a stream- it should be more generic. i.e. have function to write with formating staticly, but keep the actual use (using Squad et al) separated.
